Azure gov and armchecker updates (#161)
azsk/DevOpsKit-docs: 04-Continous-Assurance/Readme.md

	        [-AzureADAppName <AzureADAppName>]
```

Note:

> For Azure environments otherthan Azure Cloud, don't forget to provide AutomationAccountLocation as the default value won't work in those environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Azure environments other than Azure Cloud, don't forget to provide AutomationAccountLocation as the default value won't work in those environments.
```

Author: done
